This diagram shows the continuous process of modern labelling shellfish.

Overall, it consists of four main stages: monitored fishing, catch labelling, product processing, and worldwide shipping.

The first step is the running of automated monitoring system, which is located in Santiago and some monitors will focus on the screens. The system monitors all the artisanal fishing boats with GPS locating devices whether they are fishing or not. After the boats catch shellfish, monitors send a signal to the labelling system. Then, the labelling system collects the information and generates a barcode label to certify each of the catches.

The third step is that the shellfish processing factory with processing plant received the harvested shellfish, and process the raw catch to standard products. Finally, the international express will transport the certified shellfish products to the local market in every county and deliver the fresh products to every customer by airplane and trunks.



连词, 句子使用 还可以.

**开头比较弱**

eg:

**The diagram illustrates the procedure of** 



## 大作文: 税on fast food



**word:**

​    exacerbate: increase the problem.

​    fast food industry: 

​    **diet**: restricted, healthy, balanced.

​    **white-collar worker**: 

​    **burden**: 负担

**Question:**

// Poor nutrition and obesity is a problem in many developed countries and some people believe

//  that a tax on fast food would 

// reduce the problem. 

// Do you agree?





// 1. introduce:

//      同义转述: Synonymous sentence.

//      Introduce my idea/opinion.

Some people believe this idea that fast food makes people more obesity and poorer health, and introduce a tax on fast food can benefit people. But I don't agree with it and believe this idea would **exacerbate** unhealth problems.



// main points:

// 1. eat fast food doesn't mean unhealth:

//      1. more clean, if eat 

//      2. lots of supervisors, the balance of nutrition.

//          question is overeat.

// 2. tax will lower all people's welfare

//      1. all people can get more convient from fast food.

//      2. poor people needs more

// **because。。。 for example...  as a result...  so/therefore,**



The first reason is that there are lots of supervisors on fast food industry and fast food's nutrition are more balance and health already. Some people become obesity and poor nutrition because that they drink or eat more that they need, But it's not the problem of fast food. If the fast food get more expensive, those people can refer to some other kinds of food, such as sugger milk and donuts. So a better solution is to lead a restricted diet habit among obesity people and introduce a balanced diet to unhealth people.



Besides, taxing on fast food would reduce all people's welfare, because fast food makes our life simple and happy. For examples, white-collar workers have not enough time to cook for theirselves, and fast food gives them more time to rest. Poor people can also get enough nutrition from fast food at a reasonable price, but when the tax law comes out, the fast food will be more expensive and people have to chose another cheep food, which is a new reason for someone to tax. Therefore, the purpose of taxing on fast food maybe good, but the results will be a big trouble for the whole society



// conclusion:

//      1 sentence

For the reasons above, taxing on fast doesn't help to increase people's health and would became a burden.





sweet drinks.

substitute: 替代品.







