Some people say that parents should encourage their children to take part in organised group activities in their free time. Others say that it is important for children to learn how to occupy themselves on their own.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



1: Parent -> encourage children -> orgnized group activities Free time

2: children -> learn play with them self , arrange their own time

- Discuss both sides
- my opinion

Reasons: example, experiance



// introduction:

Some people agree that children should be allowed to arrange their free time schedule, but others think it may be better to let children join activities for better practice. In my opinion, I agree with the second voice, that children can get more from well organized activities, which are carefully designed.

// detail1: get more from 

// 1. Designed by experts

// 2. need friends

Group activities are **essential** to the children for many reasons. Firstly, children learn how the world runs by interact with others and group activities are the places where children can learn numerous kinds of relationships. When I was a child, I get both friendship and exercise from clubs arranged by school and parents. Secondly, children can try some developing group games developed by children exprets, so they can experience knowledge by having fun with friends. It is important for all parent to find their way to educate their children and helps children enjoy their vivid childhood.

// detail2: let children arrange their own schedule

// 1. Lazy, they don't know what to do, need help

// 2. without directions, they can be lost in the modern time

On the other hand, let children arrange their own schedule sounds a wondeful idea because we adults want freedom and explore the world by our own will, but this can not suit children since they are undeveloped. First, children need instructions of the world and they can not explore the world by imangination, so we can put the in a group where they learn from others. Secondly, children may lost their direction and do nothing because sometimes learning is a hard thing especially for young children. When I was young, I can set at a chair for a whole day without doing anything because I prefer not learn anything, but I can develop my social potential when I joined some teams. 

// 

In conclusion, I think it is a beter choice for children to participant some group activities than make their own plains because children need to learn the world by interact with people.



**错误:**

essential for sth/sb

by interacting with 

all parents

letting sb do sth, 句子开头

sounds like a wonderful

at our own will

Imagination

Lose lost是过去式

sit 

, especially for sb 是一个小短语

prefer not to do

participate in 









