In many places, new homes are needed, but the only space available for building them is in the countryside. Some people believe it is more important to protect the countryside and not build new homes there.

What is your opinion about this?

example experience





needs new homes -> few spaces urben -> more spaces in countryside 

protect countryside VS build new houses.

my opinion



// introduction:

In the modern times, cities are getting more and more crowded, and there is no enough room for new houses. Some people holding this opinion that we shouldn't use the contryside for buildings because it may damage the envirnment. But I don't agree with this idea and I think we should alow people to build their houses in the countryside.

// detail2: people wouldn't ruin the environment

// protect

// little area

It is such a popular misunderstand that people will ruin the environment where they are living in. Firstly, since the houses are building for communities where people will live in for decades, they will protect the environment for themselves. For example, they will build garbage collection system, clean the river and protect the wild animals. Secondly, New homes don't need enormous places, but it will provide many new accommodations for families and those families can be highly pleasent. So, it wouldn't be a huge envornment price for the society to build new homes to satisfy people's needs.



// detail1: people need houses

The most important reason is that people have right to live more comfort no mater what others' thoughts. Cities are so crowded that lots of people can only affort a little room, and they are unsatisfied about this. If they found some nice places for a new house, they can create more efficient jobs, not only for their family but also for the society. For example, they will build new schools and library, because they are pleasent to have their own house and people feel responsible for the community. What's more, there is no reason to support this opinion that people should not be allowed to build their own houses for the better life.

// in clussion

In conclusion, I think people have right to build new room in the countryside, and it wouldn't be a huge price to the environment.



**问题:**

in modern times, 没有the

people hold 就可以了.

misunderstanding 是名词.

environment, 中间有个o

allow 

houses are being built for xxx

名词前要加a/the

pleasant

Have the right to do xxxx

Matter

be satisffied with sth

satisfy

It is a huge price for me











































