Some people say that now we can see films on our phones or tablets there is no need to go to the cinema. Others say that to be fully enjoyed, films need to be seen in a cinema.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



See films on phones/tablets   VS   go to cinema for full enjoyed.

- both views 
- my view, and reasons
- Examples & experience



In modern times, as the personal technology grows, we can enjoy videos everywhere with our phones. Thus some people think there is no need to get out of the house for movies, but I prefer to go to the cinema for more vivid experience.

Watching movies on electric equipments has some advatages. Firstly, we can entertain ourselves whenever we need, and it is so convinient. Secondly, some filmes are not displayed on every cities not to mention little towns, so we can only get those movies throw internet. For example, if we want to see some foreign series we can only get them on the internet stream websites. Therefore more and more people form the habbit to enjoyo movies on their phones and it helps a lot.

// go to cinema:

// atmosphere is great, especially for some great movie, best memory

// friends relationships

Although mobile phones are more convinient, I prefer the second choice, which is going to the cinemas. Firstly, the cinema's atmosphere is excellent, especially for some action movies, so we can get the full entertainment. For example, I like watching war films such as 1907 on the big screen and with cinema's surronding sound. Secondly, it is a wondeful place to enhance our friendship or other relationships. I usually go to cinema with my friends, so we can have a nice conversation after the movie. So, going to cinema is not only an entertainment, but also a relax.

In conclusion, whether you prefer to watch films in cinema or on a mobile phone, they both can benefit you a lot, and I prefer to enjoy movies in cinemas.







**错误**

**not to mention** 更不用说

whether

series vs serious

Entertain(v) vs enterntainment(n)

foreign

the cinema's

Thus, therefore, 都要加逗号.

a more vivid experience

Equipment 不可数

convenient

in every city 单数, 

Through the internet

**the habit of enjoying**

Surrounding 

wonderful

