Many working people get little or no exercise either during the working day or in their free time, and have health problems as a result

Why do many working people not get enough exercise?

What can be done about this problem?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



**no exercise** on work day / weekends -> have health problems:

-  why not exercise? 
- bad results: 

my knowledge & experience



// introduction: 

In modern times, plenty of people are getting into unhealth condition for lacking of exercise, and it becomes a serious problem. In this essay, I will discuss why we don't want to exercise and what are problems when we are in poor health condition.

// why less/no exercise.

The reasons for lacking of exercise are complecated. The biggest reason is the short-sight we have, because we don't realy get the notion that how we will going to be while having poor health. The second reason is the fast lifestyle, because most citizens are workers and they have to work hard for five days a week, so they are tired on weekends, and they are unlikely to take exercise. For example, I have to work 12 hours a day and 5 days a week, thus it takes a huge energy to get out of house on weekends. Since there are various of reasons depending on their ownself, we can't make decisions for everyone.

// bad results:

Although each individuals have reasons for little exercise, but the healthy problems come no mater of that. The first is illness, we are more likely to get cood if we are in poor health, that is why many doctors suggest that old people should exercise regullarly. The second disadvantage is obesity and our daily life will be inconvenent . For instance, our movement will be slow and much more hard. Eventurally, poor health will affect every details in our life, so we should take serious about exercise.

In conclusion, we have plenty of reasons for not to exercise, but the pains overweights than the gains, thus we need to stop sitting around, and go out for some sports.

**错误:**

complicated

for lack of health / not exercising: 后面是个名词.

Really: really

how we will be

do exercise, do sports

Various reasons: 不要说various of reasons

on their own: 不要说 on their ownself.

Every one: every + 单数

get a cold

No matter of 

regularly

Inconvenient

take sth serious / be serious about xx































