Some people say it is important to keep your home and your workplace tidy, with everything organised and in the correct place.

What is your opinion about this?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



- Important: tidy life-style. everything organised.

- My attitude: 
  - reasons
  - Example, experience

// introduction:

Having a tidy life-style is recommended by some people, because it makes us feel excellent when we keeping everyting at the right place. I agree with this view, although I don't think we can keep it all the time.

// detail1: good habit life style

// 1. good emotion

// 2. Make us efficient

A tidy habit do benefit us a lot. Firstly, we all love orderly environment, especially our bedroom and working table because we will have a pleasant emotion. As for myself, I do housework every 2 days, so my families can enjoy the cleaning atmosphere. Secondly, keeping everything in order help us achieve something more efficiency, because we remember everything's location and the function is certain. For example, we don't need to waste time on finding keys before get out of house, and we will have a clear schedule on work day. So, it is cricial to keep a tidy habit.

// detail2: it is hard

// 1. Some times not tidy

// 2. Can not satisfied your standard: look up to your condition

// just do it. 

On the other hand, although tidy is an admiring habit, I don't think we can pay it for nothing. Firstly, it's hard to keep it all the time. For example, we may be depressed sometimes because we don't have time to clean the house and desks. Secondly, our cleaning standard may above our ability, so we can't afford it. There is no wonderful life-style, and living quality should depends on the condition, which is also impotant and we should keep it in mind. Thus, our life has no end, but we should find the suit point.

In conclusion, keeping our home and workplaces tidy can benefit us, but we should develop our own habits depending on different sitiuations.



**错误:**

动名词 后面要用单数形式

efficiency 是名词.

名词前面冠词不能省略: leave the house.

crucial

hard -> tough

sometimes -> occasionally

suitable 不能用suit, 西装的意思.

tidy -> organized

