In some areas of the US, a 'curfew' is imposed, in which teenagers are not allowed to be out of doors after a particular time at night unless they are accompanied by an adult.

What is your opinion about this?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



Curfew: teenagers can't -> out of doors -> at night

my opinion:



// introduction

Exploring the world is the children's nature, but in certain places of the US, parents don't permit their children to get out of the house at late night. I can undersand parent's purpose, and agree with this action in some aspects.

// detail1: good

// safe:

// family time for

On the one hand, curfew is a kind function from the parent because they worry about their children. Firstly, teenagers are more likely to get hurt in the outside at late night, since they are more activity than audlts and not strong enough to protect themself. Secondly, teenagers need excellent family time with their parents and brothers/sisters before they are mature. There are lots of chances to have fun with their classmates or friends during the day, while they need some time to learn experiences or have a conversation with their families. So, parents use curfew as a useful method to maintain the relationships with their children.

// details 2: bad

// not suitable for all teenagers as the age grows up

On the other hand, I think children shouldn't be asked to follow the curfew strictly for their own benefits. Firstly, teenagers form their own personality as the age grows up, so they need chances to learn how to protect themself and deal with the danger before they become adults. Secondly, curfew is not a perfect method to protect the teenagers, as they may have more arguements with their parents. Worsefully, if the parents push teenagers too much, teenagers may even get mental problems or self killing. Therefore, parents should be more wise when they using the curfew as a method to protect the family.

// 

In conclusion, curfew can protect the teenagers from danger, but parents shouldn't push their children too hard.



**错误:**

late at night, at the late night.

more active than

as their age grow











