**Question:**

many people work long hours, leaving very little time for leisure activities. 

Does this situation have more advantages or more disadvantages?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.







work for long hours, little time for entertainments.

Good / bad ?

Reasons.

Example of my **knowledge**,  **experiences**.





Introduction:

In the modern times, most people pay attention to their work but their ownself and more and more fewer time for entertainment and families. I think this situation will bring us more disadvantages than advantages, and I will discuss my resaons in this essay.





===== reason 1

achivements, not good

but because some times stick to the work,

Desire too much, and may not good, bad for efficiency



Focus on work do help us to make some achivenments in our career, but I don't think it is the best way because there are lots of costs when we pay lots attention to work. For example, Working too much makes us tired, and when we get tired we may lose our temper which will be a disaster. So I think work life balance is more efficiency to make achievements in our career.





===== reason 1

bad for our life , families.

Working to much is bad for our family relationship and our life. Some science researchs show that there are more fight in busy families which the main reason for busy is working long hours. Sometimes we should thing about what is our rearly want, and what our life is meaning for. Most people work for their lifes and families, but not live for work, but if we put work in front of our life and family, we are more likely to lost balance between work and life. Therefore, I think we should leave some time for leisure activities with families.



========= Conclusion

Although working long hours can benefit our career, but I think it has more disadvantages because it neither the best way to make achievements nor a good method to maintain our family realations.



============ 去除错误

In modern times, most people focus on their work but their own self and have less and less time for entertainment and family. I think this situation will bring us more disadvantages than benefits, and I will discuss my reasons in this essay.

Focusing on work does help us to make some accomplishments in our career, but I don't think it is the best way because there are lots of costs when we pay lots of attention to work. For example, working too much makes us tired, and when we get tired we may lose our temper, which will be a disaster. So I think work-life balance is more efficient to make achievements in our career.

**Besides**, working too much is bad for our family relationships and our life. Some scientific research shows that there are more fights in busy families and the main reason for being busy is working long hours. Sometimes we should think about what we really want, and what our life is meaning for. Most people work for their lives and families but do not live for work, but if we put work in front of our lives and families, we're more likely to lose the balance between work and life. **Therefore**, I think we should leave some time for leisure activities with the families.

Although working long hours can benefit our career, I think it has more disadvantages because it is neither the best way to make achievements nor a good method to maintain our family relations.

- **相同的两段, 一定要加一个besides**



======== 范文

https://writing9.com/text/6244557ae1797300188da60b-many-people-work-long-hours-leaving-very-little-time-for

我看这个范文, 他给打了8分, 主要的原因是:

1. 很多个连词, 8个.
2. 比较少的重复单词
3. 没有大的mistake.

我觉得我要冲着这三个目标了.

来表现:

1. task response
2. coherence
3. vocabulary
4. grammar

 























