Some people think it’s better to choose friends who a/ways have the same opinions as them. Other people believe it’s good to have friends who sometimes disagree with them.

Discuss **both these views** and give your **own opinion**.

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



Make friends with 

- same opinopns with me
- Sometimes disagree with me.

both view, my opinion:

Reasons: 



=== introduction

Some people like making friends who we share the same views with, but others allow their friends have different opinions. I holding the last view that we have better **to(去掉)** share different opinions other than same agreements.

== detail1: holding the same opinion all the time.

= good: making agreements easily

= bad: hard to find friends, don't allow friends to make faults.

There are different aspects when we having same opinions **with(换成as)** our friends all the time. On the one hand, we can make decisions quickly and easily when we are traveling together or choosing something to buy, so we can save a lot of time and money. On the other hand, If we only made friends who share the same opinions, we can hardly to find that kind of relationships, because people have their own ideas and views, and even ourselves change minds every day. So I think it is impossible to make friends if we keep such a high standard.

== detail2: allow friends have different opinions

= it is common and natural 

= extend our sight

Allowing friends have different opinions can benefit us a lot. Firstly, It is natrual and common to disagree with who we love, and the same personalities we share is more important. Secondly, we can extend our sight through discussions with our friends, and they will give plenty of useful advices using another point of view. For example, if we made a decission to go on traveling, then friends can give some suggestions we didn't thought about. So, it is nessasery to have friends who sometimes disagree with us.

In conclusion, it is impossible to make friend who always agree with us, and different opinions may benefit us in some ways. Therefore, I don't care if we share same opinions all the time when making friends. 

**问题:** 

allow sb to have ...

same as

relationship, advice 不可数

, 逗号后面不要加大写.

natural

go traveling

Friendship





===== 范文







































