Some people say the main way to be happy in life is to have a lot of money.

How might having a lot of money make people happy?

What other things in life can make people happy?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.

Write at least 250 words.





main way to happy in life  =  lots of money.

How money make people happy

other things make us happy except money

- reasons, examples

> **because。。。 for example...  as a result...  so/therefore,**



introduction:

Money is so important to our daily life that some people regard money as the main way to achieve happy life. I'm not agree with this idea, because there are many other pleasures that money cann't bring to us.

// detail: how money make people happy

// 1. better living quality, less job to do, 

//     more ability to do more things, helps others, 

// 3. less worry, emergency 

The reasons why money makes us feel happy are very complecated. Firstly, we will have a higher quality life when we get more moeny, for example we can eat and drink whatever we want, and we can living in a gorgeous house, which everyone dreamed about. Secondly, money cut down our worries such as illness and accidents, since people have to face them in the long history and we are more likely to get help from others when we have more money. As a result, a lot of people hope to earn more money, so they can have a happier life.

// detail2: things make us happy

// 1. Familiy and friends: relationship

// 2. Meaningful things that makes us feel happy. 

There are also many pleasures that money cann't take to us. The first and the most important is the relationship with family and friends, who can also support us just like money but make us feel **more safe应该是safer**. Second, some meaningful things in our life, for example, I love music and have been practicing plaing music since my childhood even though I couldn't earn money from it, and that kind of love has no relation with money. So we shouldn't let money blind our eyes and should explore more.

// 

In conclusion, it **is (不需要)** make sense that money is important for our living, but there are also many valuable things we can achieve, and **we(两个短句 and 不能省略主语)** don't have to get plenty of money.

**错误:**

achieve **a** happy life

Complicated, money 拼错

can + live 

money cuts down

Safer 

For example 要重新起一句.

it makes sense



**单词:** 

important -> crucial -> vital -> valuable

Many -> lots of -> various -> numerous -> countless

very -> highly -> extremely

happy -> lucky -> content-> pleasant -> pleasure

Other -> different -> additional -> alternative

long -> lenghthy



a high quality of life.

explore further



Money is highly crucial to our daily life that some people regard money as the main way to achieve a pleasant life.  I don't agree with this idea, because there are countless different pleasures that money can't bring to us.
The reasons why money makes us feel content are extremely complicated. Firstly, we will have a higher quality of life when we get more money. For example, we can eat and drink whatever we want, and we can live in a gorgeous house, which everyone dreamed about. Secondly, money cuts down our worries such as illness and accidents, since people have to face them in the lengthy history and we are more likely to get help from others when we have extra money. As a result, a lot of people hope to earn more money, so they can have a happier life.
There are also various pleasures that money can't take to us. The first and the most important is the relationship with family and friends, who can also support us just like money but make us feel safer. Second, some meaningful things in our lives. For example, I love music and have been practicing playing music since my childhood even though I couldn't earn money from it, and that kind of love has no relation with money. So we shouldn't let money blind our eyes and should explore further.
In conclusion, it makes sense that money is important for our living, but there are also numerous valuable things we can achieve, and we don't have to get plenty of money.

































