The growth of online shopping will one day lead to all shops in towns and cities closing.

 

Do you agree or disagree?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



Not Agree



online shopping -> close all stores 

Reasons: examples, knowledge



// introduction

In the modern times, more and more people holding this opinion that online shopping will close all shops in real world eventually. I am not agree with this idea, and I will discuss why both real shops and online shops will exist in the future in this paragraph.

// detail1: offline stores have their own function

(必不可少)

// 

On the first hand, offline shops can't be replaced by online business because offline shops' service can't be substituded. For example, some people prefer to eat in resturants for their fresh food and joyful atmosphere. What's more, online shopping can't serve plenty of services expecially when we are outside of the house. Such as, we wouldn't choose online shopping when we are next to a offline store when thirthty. Therefore, The offline shops have special ability to serve customers and they wouldn't disapper someday.



// detial2: offline shops are needed by online shops. O2O

// and online shops are new kinds of shops. both need workers and serve people.

On the other hand, online shops also need offline shops. For instance, there is a popular trend called "O2O", which means that online to offline, because many online platform companies start to open numerous offline shops. It has varies of reasons about this fact. Firstly, online shops must reply on the real shops to delever products to customers. Secondly, online shops can provide high quality of service and earn a good famous by opening shops next to the customers. Thus, some offline shops can even benefit from online shopping.



// conclusion

In conclusion, I'm holding this opinion that online shopping can hardly replace all offline shops, not only because offline shops can serve more, but also because online shopping needs offline storage or something.



**错误:**

in modern times, 

I am not xxx 不对, 应该是 I do +动词

restaurant

substituted

**, especially** xxx  从句.

**thirsty**

disappear

Various reasons, 直接加名词.

famous -> reputation 荣誉















