**Question**:

Nowadays many people complain that they have difficulties getting enough sleep.

What problems can lack of sleep cause?

What can be done about lack of sleep? 

================== 第一次写

Modern life changes us a lot, and lack of sleep is one of the most serious problems we got because more and more people cannot sleep as easily as before. In this essay, I will discuss the reasons why people cannot get enough sleep, and what we can do about that.

Lack of sleep brings us lots of disadvantages. First, when people cannot get enough sleep, he/she will be in a bad mood, feel unhappy about life and people cannot get a good quality of life, as they are always in a bad mood. Second, lack of sleep can be worse if people don't take it seriously, and it will be a bad cycle. What's worse, people sad for the long term end up with diseases or self-kill. So, we should take serious about our sleep quality.

Although lack of sleep has very bad influences on our lives, there are some measures we can take to release them and it can help us to sleep well. First of all, developing healthy life habits, such as keeping a diet and running regularly, can improve our health, especially by keeping our heads clear. Second, our sleeping environment is also important, even though our body is quite good. For example, we cannot get to sleep after looking at electrical equipment for hours at night, so please keep away from email and mobile phones and make sure our bed is comfortable. Finally, if you have any questions or feel confused about yourself, you must go to the hospital immediately.

In conclusion, it is important to have a good sleep, and there are lots of things we can do to improve our sleep quality.





=========================== 范文



**词汇**

**nagtive impact on** xxx

**try to mediate** 吃点药.







pass the bridge: 路过桥, 并不是穿过, 从旁边路过.

over the bridge: 穿过桥.



























