**Question:**

Some people like to try new things, for example, places to visit and types of food. Other people prefer to keep doing things they are familiar with. Discuss both these attitudes and give your own opinion.



try new things

1. places
2. food

keep doing things

1. places
2. food



**both attitudes**

**my opinion**



introduction: 

Some people prefer to experience new things, but some others prefre to familiar things, and both of them have their own reasons. For my ownself, I prefer to the last choice, keeping doing things I'm farmiliar with.



Detail: 

**Try new things**

1. Enrich my life. 
2. Openmind: rich experience.
3. more chances

Thing new things has lots of benifits to us. Firstly, new experiences help us to keeping openmind to our life and make our living more meaningful. For example, some people conclude a list named "100 things to do in life", and it will keeps them positive and enjoy their time. Secondly, new things mean new opportunities for us because stucking in old problem wast our time, and new things gives us anothor aspect of view to solve the old problem or create new changes. So, once you are ready for new things, you should keep trying them, as a result you will get what you needs.

**keep doing things**

1. get deeper in your domain: more knowledge, became an expert. (先决条件)
2. feel comfortable and safe.

Keeping doing farmiliar thing also have some advantages and I'm that kind of person who loves doing farmiliar things. First, If you want to be an expert in some careers, you have to pay much attention on one thing for a long time, and that will help you gain more experiences and deeper knowledge, such as programmer, teacher or doctor. Second, being in a farmiliar environment makes us feels comfort and safe, especially for those who have some mental problems. Because of those reasons, my view about doing the same things is not nagtive, instead, it can helps us in some ways.



// conclusion

In conclusion, it dependes on us how to choose our own strategy in life for both trying new things and keeping farmiliar things can benifit us in many different ways, and I am prefer keeping doing farmiliar things because I want to be an expert in my career.





================修改问题

familiar

career: career

benefit for sb: 

our Lives: 

Conclude, summarize: 总结.

get what you need: 不是needs

Pay attention to



**depends on how we choose our own strategy in life because**



============== 润色后:

Some people prefer to experience new things, others prefer familiar things, and both have their own reasons. For myself, I prefer the last choice, to keep doing things I'm familiar with.

Trying new things has lots of benefits for us. Firstly, new experiences help us to keep an open mind about our lives and make our lives more meaningful. For example, some people summarize a list called "100 things to do in life", and it will keep them positive and enjoy their time. Secondly, new things mean new opportunities because stucking in an old problem is a waste of time, and new things give us another aspect of view to solve the old problem or create new changes. So, once you are ready for new things, you should keep trying them, and as a result, you will get what you need.

Keeping doing familiar things also has some advantages, and I'm the kind of person who loves doing familiar things. First, if you want to be an expert in some careers, you have to pay attention to one thing for a long time, which will help you gain more experience and deeper knowledge, such as programmer, teacher or doctor. Second, being in a familiar environment makes us feels comfort and safe, especially for those who have some mental problems. For those reasons, my view about doing the same things is not negative. Instead, it can help us in some ways.

In conclusion, it depends on how we choose our own strategy in life because both trying new things and keeping familiar things can benefit us in many different ways, and I prefer to keep doing familiar things because I want to be an expert in my career.



======================== 范文:

Some people like to have new experiences, **while others prefer** to keep doing what they have always done. I support the former attitude because I see it as a positive way of thinking and behaving toward life.

"Those who keep doing the same things may be afraid of being disappointed. If, for example, they go have dinner at a new restaurant but find the food not to their taste, they may well end up feeling their money is wasted and their evening is ruined. If they just eat somewhere they have been before, maybe there will be a lack of excitement but at least they won’t be disappointed. I personally do not like this way of living. I believe using disappointment as an excuse for refusing to make any change is cowardly behavior."

"People who like to experience new things, on the other hand, usually have a very positive view of life. They **tend to be excited** and optimistic about the new opportunities that could come along with a new experience and not be too afraid of the potential downsides that it might bring about. Often they are rewarded with good outcomes. Take for example those from small towns who took the risk to move to big cities. Many of them have found better jobs than they could have if they had just stayed in their hometowns. I like this attitude because, as discussed above, it can help us find our next opportunity in life."

"**In conclusion**, some people keep doing the same old things to avoid disappointment. However, I like those who have an interest in trying new things because they are more positive about life. (277 Words)"







