You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.

Write about the following topic：

It is better to buy just a few expensive clothes, rather than lots of cheaper clothes. Do you agree or disagree?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.

Write atleast 250 words.





// Purchase a few expensive clothes VS lots of cheaper clothes

- agree or not
- Reasons: 
  - Examples:
    - Knowledge, experience



// introduction

Clothing market is a huge demand for everyone, and there are two main and popular consuming styles. Some people prefer purchasing expensive clothes to purchasing inexpensive clothes, so they don't need to maintain too many of them. but others don't agree with them. I'm approving the last opinion that we should purchase cheaper clothes other than spending too much money.

// details1:

// inexpensive clothes are good enough

// 1. Good quality 

// 2. changeable styles, save money

To begin with, inexpensive clothes are good enough for most of us. Firstly, Cheap clothes provide sufficient quality, because most clothing brands produce clothes by standard stream-line factories, and the factories use standard procedure and qualified materials to make clothes, so we can get cheap clothes. Secondly, some research show that people change their clothes not because of the quality, but because they think the clothes are not fashion enough. If you loving purchasing expensive clothes, you may be regret when you decide to change a new fashion style. Therefore, there is no need to buy expensive clothes, because both the expensive clothes and the cheap clothes well enough for lasting a long period.

// details2:

// 1. Save money

// 2. Help families

In addition, purchasing inexpensive clothes can be a good habbit to save money. Nowadays, most people are addicted to consuming, so they need to work for extra hours to satisfied they desires, but there are always plenty of needs waiting to be fulfilled. We should notice the fact that there is no end for purchasing expensice clothes or juleries, so we can release ourself if we save that part of budget. What's more, when we stoping focus on our own needs, we can explore more about our life. For example, we can pay more attention to our family, the dinner we cook everyday and the plants stay right behind the door. Thus, saving can benefit us a lot, if we give it a chance.

In conclusion, purchasing inexpensive clothes not only can satisified our dressing needs, but also can save lots of money and time for us, which is a huge pleasure for our life.



**问题:**

the clothing market

procedure : 可数, 步骤.

some research shows :不可数名词后面加上s

not fashionable enough

if you love

you may regret when

**Be aware of**

jewllery



habit

Consumption: 消费主义.

there is no end to do sth































