Write about the following topic: Some people think that it's a good idea to socialise with work colleagues during evenings and weekends. Other people think it's important to keep working life completely separate from social life.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



Some people agree -> socialise with work colleagues -> after work (during evenings&weekends)

Others agree -> seperate work from personal life 

- Both views 
- My opinion
  - answer:
    - Example 
    - experience

// introduction:

In modern times, people devote more energy to their career, so plenty of people agree that we should keep in touch with work colleagues even after work, while other people disagree with this idea and suggest we should keep away from working after work. I agree with the second opinion that we should separate the personal life from working life.

// details1: 1. social life > working life    2. agree with 

// meaing of life

// the interest of pay 

// safe to work, don't worry about their 

On the one hand, people who prefer to seperate personal life with working life are more likely to be satisfied with themselves. Firstly, they pay more attention to their family and get time to accompany with their children. For example, my mother is a kindness and reasonable woman, so we share such a warmly memory when she chose to stay with me other than working. Secondly, seperating work and life doesn't mean that you are not at working, especially for those people who are satisfied with their personal life. When we focus on working with colleagues, our positive attitude will affect all partners, so keeping our personal life along can also benefit us.

// details2: mix working life with social life

// reasons: can do more work

/// mix : problems

// tired 

On the other hand, some people would like to mix their personal life and contact with colleagues after work, so they can aquire more contributes to their career. Actually, this action may result some unexpected influences, because we don't have so much engergy and it is quite annoying for those colleagues who are unwelling to social with working guys. What's more, 



In conclusion, separating personal life with working life can benifit us more, because it helps us build more positive attitude to life.

**问题:** 

1. 连词
2. in conclusion 这句话要有多长啊? 怎么表达的长一点? 概括一点?





offenders -> serving first punishment -> more crimes 

- Why this happening?
- Measures: reduce this problem

// introduction:

Plenty of researches show that punishing offenders for their first crime can even incur more crimes after they get out of the prison. I think this is a complex affair because numbers reasons involved and much more efforts need to settle this, so in this essay I will discuss the reasons and some possible measures.

















