In some countries, more and more people are hiring a personal fitness trainer, rather than playing sports or doing exercise classes.

What are the **reasons** for this? Is this a **positive or a negative development**?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



hire private fitness teacher VS playing sports class

- why:  positive / negative development
- Reasons for my answer / opinion
  - examples / experiences



// introduction

It is a trend that people are more likely to hire a private fitness teacher other than attend some sports activities. I think it is because that people richer than before and they want to work out efficiency, so I aggree with this opinion that private teaching does lots of positive results.

// detail1: different aims

//    they can chooce 

It is a pleasant fact that personal training teacher becoming a new choice for us, because most people who choose private trainer  aim at geting fitness other than exercise. Firstly, we need to acknowledge the differences between those types of targets. Being fitness means you need to follow advices about every details of the daily life from an expert, such as eating habits and your time schedule, but doing exercie in a team can't satisfied, so we need a personal trainer. Secondly, people who own a personal fitness trainer are willing to join sports because they know the significance of the exercising. Therefore, private trainer and sports activities have numerous connections and both of them help people keeping fit.

// details2: 

// 

What's more, personal training bring more people to exercise. Some people are so shy that they don't want to join sport classes, so they turn into personal trainers and they can also have an excellent experience of the sport. For example, I'm not brave enough to join a large running club because lots of neighbors are in it, so I get some trains from a personal teacher. Personal trainers can also introduce new types of sport to us, such as Kungfu and we can turn to them if we don't know the skills of a special Kungfu. So personal training makes sports more popular.

In conclusion, I think personal fitness trainers make plenty of vital advantanges to our health and we should accept this new fashion.





**问题:**

写跑题了, 漏了写reasons, 只写了好处. 应该是一段写reasons, 一段解释好处.

**忽略了some countries**



people are rich

getting

Advice 不可数

every detail every+不可数

sports 运动



=== 优秀作文







