Some people believe that professionals, such as doctors and engineers, should be required to work in the country where they did their training. Others believe they should be free to work in another country if they wish.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



people believe -> **professionals/experts** -> doctors/engineers 0> required to work keep working in the university

Others -> free to choose where they would like to 



- discuss both views
  - reasons
  - Examples experiences
- your view.



// introduction

Since more and more experts immegrate to wellfare states, some people holding this view that experts have duty to work for the country where they received knowledge, but others disagree. I agree with the last idea that experts should have opptunities to move to where they want.

// detail1: view1: 

On the one hand, allowing experts to move will benefit all human worldwildly. The first reason is size effect because experts can be regard as an resource only when they can work, but if one expert couldn't get what they need to do expariments they can never make afford. So when the experts gather toghter, they can create achievements more efficiently. Secondly, all countries are not solid and we can benefit from wellfare counties through worldwild market. For example, Apple is an international company which brings lots of working positions into China and both Chinese and Americans can benefit from those technology experts.

// detail2: views

// first: 

On the other hand, keeping experts in the coutry where they educated is a shortsighted view. Firstly, they can release their potential in a shortage circumstance









shortsighted view

wellfare 

potential 

shrtage circumstance

circumstance -> condition -> situation 



sense of achievement



