There have been several complaints about the reception area where visitors to your company arrive. Your manager has asked you to suggest how the reception area could be improved.

Write a letter to your manager. In your letter

・describe the complaints that have been made

・say why the reception area is important

・suggest how the reception area could be improved



complain about Reception area: visitors to my company

Suggest the reception area be improved



// introduction:



Although our company can provide people with satisfied services, our reception area needs lots of work to refresh because some clients feels unconfortable about it.



// 1. describe complaints:

// 1.1 chair is uncomfortable

// 1.2 temperature is high for  airconditioning broke

Our clients have several unsatisfied aspects of the reception room. First, there are only four chairs, and clients are embarrassed to take when they have more than four people. Second, The airconditioning was broken, so the temperature is not pleasent neither in the summer nor in the winter.

// 2. why the reception area is important

Since our company involves international businesses and we show products to our clients in the reception room, so we should take clients' experience into account. Last month, we got a signifficant progress in the marketing and more and more new clients will come from another counties, we should make they feel confidence about our firm and our products.



// 3. Sugestions

After collecting some questionaires from both clients and building designers, I can make some suggestions. First, we should keep the facilities tight, such as enough chairs and an excellent airconditioning. Second, the room need to be painted again, since our company changed a new logo.

Thanks for your pations and I am looking forward to receiving new message from you.





satisfied -> satisfactory(令人满意的)

embarrassed to take them (take chairs) 

, 逗号后面小写.

make a significant progress

Confidence 名词, confident 形容词

Patience 耐心







