You work at home and have a problem with a piece of equipment that you use for your job.

Write a letter to the shop or company which supplied the equipment.

In your letter

•  describe the problem with the equipment

•  explain how this problem is affecting your work

•  say what you want the shop or company to do





WFH, equipment is wrong -> not can work -> shop/company -> supplied the computer



Dear Sir or Madam,

// introduce

I'm an employee of the marketing department in our company and I found a issue on my computer that it can't connect to our company's office internet, so I'm writing this letter to you for help.

// problem:

Since I am working from home, I use VPN to connect the company's inner network, but my pc couldn't get connected no matter how many times I restarted it. What's more, other functions of this computer are just fine, so I'm just curiours about the origin cause and need your help.

This problme result many difficults for my work. Firstly, I can't report this season's selling numbers to my boss and we are eager to access that. Secondly, numerous contracts from our clienteles are waiting for me to sign and deliver them to the next process point. Thus, it is emergency for us.

I have already mailed this computer to your depratment and I'm waiting for receiving. We need you to check this problem first and you can just send a new pc to me if you can't fix it within one day. 

Thanks for your help and I'm looking forward to receiving my pc quickly.



**问题:** 

PC大写



