You recently organised an all-day meeting for your company, which took place in a local hotel. In their feedback, participants at the meeting said that they liked the hotel, but they were unhappy about the food that was served for lunch.

Write a letter to the manager of the hotel. In your letter

•  say what the participants liked about the hotel

•  explain why they were unhappy about the food

•  suggest what the manager should do to improve the food in future





// all-day meeting : in company in a local hotel

// feedback: like hotel, food is terrible for lunch.

// hotel -> 

- what we like 
- why we not like the lunch
- Suggestions: improve lunch:



Dear Sir or Madam,

Our company has hold a large meeting for our clients and empolyees in your hotel last week, and I'm writing this letter to make some feedback.

In general, the participants enjoy this experience in your hotel. Firstly, they like the environment most, because the meeting room is comforte and the surrounding is quiet enough. So, we had a efficient discussion there. Secondly, we love your kindness service, which made us feel wonderful.

But one thing should be pointed out that we have some questions about the lunch. Some clients complained that the taste of the food didn't as good as the advertisement, and some others complained about some foods are overcood and not fresh enough.

As for the feedback from the paricipants, I want to raise some suggestions. Firstly, you should use the actual picture of the food for advertisement, because some people could be disappointed about this. Secondly, you shouldn't buy vegetables in bulk, because the long storage term makes the food unfreshment.

I am looking forward to receiving your message.

**错误:**

has hold 错误, 直接held就行

employees

give some feedback

The surroundings are 

An efficient

the food is 不用dose

claim / complain















