A friend you made while you were studying abroad has written to ask you for help in finding a job in your country. You have heard about a job in a local company that might be suitable for him/her.

Write a letter to this friend. In your letter

•  tell your friend about the job and what sort of work it involves

•  say why you think the job would be suitable for him/her

•  explain how to apply for the job



Friend:  abord friend, foriegner.

ask me for help - job in shanghai.

I heard a job in local company is sutable.



// introduction

Dear Damon:

I received your letter that you want to move your location to China, so you need some advices about finding a job in Shanghai. I'm exacted to tell you that the local company I'm working for is hiring now and I think it is suitable for you.

This job is backend developer and it involves many knowledges we learnt when we were in University. Firstly, you need to follow the design from the product manager and implement the functions in Java because our services are base on Java micro-system. Secondly, a weekly conclusion meeting is nessasery for the teem, so you need to host this meeting twice a month.

// why I thing this job is suitable for you

Since our company is located in Shanghai pudong avenue, next to The Caltural Museum, I think it is a good chance to get farmiliar with this city and this country. What's more, the job is well-paid and we provide 4 weeks vacations every year, so we can make some travels around China.

If you got some interest about this position, you should send your cv to my email, and prepare for the interview right now. After throughing 2 interviews, you can go to Shanghai directly, and the company will take care the visa.

I'm looking forward to receiving your reply.



**错误:**

implement

Advice, knowledge 不可数

necessary, team

are based on 

Familiar

have interest in xxx

take care of xxx





















