The system used for rubbish/garbage collection in your local area is not working properly. This is causing problems for you and your neighbours.

Write a letter to the **local council**. In your letter

•  describe how the rubbish collection system is not working properly

•  explain how this is affecting you and your neighbours

•  suggest what should be done about the problem



Rubbish collection system -> not work properly

-> problems for community



Dear Sir or Madam,

// introduction:

I am a resident living in the Happy Family Community and I am writing this letter to claim about the garbage collection system for it's improperly functions.

// how system not working properly:

// 1. time range

// 2. collection regulary

The rubbish collection system is not working as the rule. Firstly, it doesn't serve the full-time on weekends, because the neighbours' time schedule are difference. Secondly, the system should be cleaned in the morning, but the recycle trunk doesn't show regularly.

// how this affecting me and neighbours

Since the lazy work of the rubbish collection system, we have to change our schedule to exercise in the evening. What's more, there are some strange smells around our community.

// suggestions

So, I want to make some suggestions. Firstly, you should arrange more garbage-collection trucks to run this system. Secondly, the opening hour should be more suitable to our dailylife, as most people don't throw rubbish in the midnight, but we need the system in the morning.

I'm eager to receive your message.



**错误:**

improperly: 错误

Claim -> complain

**its** imporper functions

time schedules are different

recycling truck

more suitable **for** our daily life

at midnight





















