concert, one of the singer is good.
tell him how I fell.

1. you performance. i feel
2. details about my musical activities
3. him to help me with my musicial activities.



// introduce:
Damon
I was an audience of the last week's Best Singer Convert where you **made a talented performance**. I am writing this letter to thanks for your song and to apply for your help.

Your last week's performance was one of the best shows I have ever seen this year because your voice was charming and the show was funny. 

I am a high school student, and a **number** of the music club. Our club was just founded last month, so we are looking forward to starting some musical activities in school, like a little concert on Friday and a picture show about musicians. We have been prepared for 2 weeks, and already got some helps from the school, so we are inspired to start the Friday Concert the next month.

Since your voice is so nice and **we want to invite you to be** our concert's singing star. The participants of our convert are students in our school who love singing, so we don't want it to be too official and everyone will feel easy and comfortable during the show.

I am eager to receive your feedback!



**we want you to be** : 感觉语气不好, 需要改进. 

总是使用and, I, you... 这种词, 连接词还是不会.

Give a performance: 

Funny: amusing, humorous, comic.

Small concert.

Ask for help, 不带s.





============= 范文

I am writing this letter to **let you know that** I attended and loved the performance you gave on stage at the Jazz Festival yesterday. 

Being your biggest fan, I went to see the music festival which was incredible. Although I know you are the best, I swooned listening to you because your performance was outstanding and perfect. 

Secondly, I want to talk about **my musical past**, which started in kindergarten. Although I started learning the piano,after careful consideration I decided to take up the guitar, partly because of you, of course. When I heard you for the first time, I said to myself that this voice is out of this world. 

I try to do my best at playing the guitar,however, I need to improve my skills, so I am asking for your advice. Although I have been playing the guitar for 10 years, sometimes I get confused with the melodies. If you give me some advice, I can develop my musical ear.  

I look forward to hearing useful advice from you. Yours sincerely,

感觉他这个没有什么错误. 挺好的.













