You have seen an advertisement in an Australian magazine for someone to live with a family for six months and look after their six-year-old child.
Write a letter to the parents. In your letter
•   explain why you would like the job
•   give details of why you would be a suitable person to employ
•   say how you would spend your free time while you are in Australia

Australian magazine : advertisement

Live with a family for 6 monthes

Look after/ take care age 6 child



Dear Sir or Madam,

// introduction

I saw the advertisement **on(in)** the Australian magazine that you need someone to help you take care little child and take company with your family, which interests me a lot. Thus, I'm eager to apply this job.

// why I want this job? 

I am a international student in Sydny University from China, and just came here for about half year. Since I want to improve my communication skills, I think this is a wondeful opportunity for me. 

// details I am a suitable perason

I think I'm quite suitable for this job. First of all, I came from a large family having one brother and one sister. I love them very much and I got a good experience on dealing with children. Secondly, I am a excellent cooker and good at Chinese cuisine, so I can make a good help during daily life.

// spend free time in australia.

Actually I am a interesting guy, bacause I have lots of hobbits to do in free time. I like reading historial books, which tell me about how the world changed so far, and I can share stories with your child. What's more, I would like to vist some musemes on weekends in Australia.

Thanks for your consideration in advance, and I'm looking forwards to receiving your response.



错误: 

**keep company**

**apply for** this job

**at** xxx university

half a year

an international, an excellent, an interesting

cook: 厨师, cooker 厨具

good experience in

actually, 

Hobby, hobbies

museum

historical































