// 写完检查一遍

***You recently did a short cookery course. The cookery school has asked for your feedback on this course.**

**Write a letter to the course director at the cookery school. In your letter\*****•**   

 ***describe what you enjoyed about the course\***

•**   ***say how much cooking you have done since the course\***

**•**   ***suggest another cookery course you'd like the school to offer\***



Write at least 150 words.

You do **NOT** need to write any addresses.



**Dear** 

**Sir** ***or\*** **Madam,**





Did a cookery course

Ask me for some feedback.

to the course director

- I enjoy this course: what ...
- after this course, I have cooked alots.: 
- Suggestions, the school should offer .... cookery course. cuissine



Dear Sir,

I am a student on your last month's Chinese food cookery course, and I got a questionaire from you for some feedback about this class, so I'm glad to offer some help. 	

(帮一点忙)

== enjoy this course because:

Your class is interesting and all the classmates have a good time during the course. What's more, thanks for your teaches, I got a lot of practice and knowledge of Chinese food. 

== after the course, I have cooked, 

After the course, I cooked for my families for practicing everyday since I'm preparing to start my own business mainly surve Chinese food. I am going to start a big delicious food party for my friends, and get some advices from them. 

== Suggestions, should offer xxx

Although I got a good skill from the school, but I noticed that there is a huge demand for Shanghai cussine, which your course didn't provide. So I recommend that your school can start a new course to teach local cuissine.

Above is all my idea about how your school can do better, and a big thanks to you. Hoping to get your messages soon.



===== 修改:

I am a student on your last month's Chinese food cookery course, and I got a questionnaire from you for some feedback about this class, so I'm glad to offer some help. 	


Your class is interesting and all the classmates have a good time during the course. What's more, thanks for your teaches, I got a lot of practice and knowledge of Chinese food. 


After the course, I cooked for my families for practicing everyday since I'm preparing to start my own business mainly serve Chinese food. I am going to start a big delicious food party for my friends, and get some advices from them. 


Although I got excellent general cooking skills from the school, but I noticed that there is a huge demand for Shanghai cussine, which your course didn't provide. So I recommend that your school can start a new course to teach local cuissine.

Above is all my idea about how your school can do better, and a big thanks to you. *Hoping to get your messages soon*.

**单词:** 

feedback on sth

thanks to your teaching

for my family: 不用复数

Above are all my thoughts **on** xxxx

**Hope to hear from you soon.**

**问题:**

- **代词太多了.**
- **太多简单词.**

















