You have just read an article in an international travel magazine which contained some information about your town that is incorrect.

Write a letter to the editor of the magazine. In your letter

•   correct the information in the article

•   explain why it is important for the magazine to give correct information

•   suggest what the magazine should do about this situation



international travel magazine -> article : 

information about my town is wrong.



=== Introduction:

Dear sir,

I am a reader of your international travel magazine, and luckily to read the introduction about the travelling in my home town. Unfortuanately, I think there is a fact mistake about the tourism policy that we haven't opened the gate to Wuyi mountain area.

(景区)

// correct the information

Actually, the Wuyi mountain has never been shutted down because of COVID-19, and we are wellcoming visitors from all over the world. In fact, we received visitors  since 2020 July, and the city has little influenced by the illness.

// explain why this is important.

Since your magezine is popular, numerous people refer to it before travelling, I thing I have this responsibility to remind you about this mistake. What's more, it incured some discussion about Wuyi mountain area on one of the most visited travelling website.

// , so you may clarify the fact in the next publication.

// suggestion

Firstly, I hope you can clarify this fact in the next publication and this will make up a huge. Secondly, the biggest travelling website Qiongyou contains a page about Wuyi mountain where we can put the latest information on.

I'm hopping to receive your message soon.



**错误:** 

应该加 **the** Wuyi mountain

july 2020, 月份在前面

One of the most xxx webs: 复数

hoping





========== 范文

This letter is to express your mistake in the article you published in the Geographic travel magazine on the 20 th of June that you gave false information about my town. 

First of all,would like to inform you,my town is four seasons,and not only my city is amazing in the winter for tourists,but also they can travel in other seasons.Therefore,please correct the error that you wrote:"Karaj is a wonderful town in the winter". 

**On the other hand**, As far as I know,your magazine is an international journal,and very popular in my country, so I expect you to publish correct information in the information age. 

**As** the mistake was caused by your magazine,I hope this problem will be fixed as soon as possible. **Thus**,I suggest you if it would be possible apologize to my fellow citizens in the **next** edition you publish. 

I look forward to receiving your response.

























