A friend of yours is thinking of going on a camping holiday for the first time this summer. He/She has asked for your advice.

Write a letter to your friend. In your letter

• explain why you think your friend would enjoy a camping holiday

• describe some possible disadvantages

• say whether you would like to go camping with your friend this summer 



========== 原始

friend: going to camping holiday
this summer
first time.
ask my advices: about:

1. I think you will enjoy this camping holiday: because:
2. possible disadvantages:
3. whether i would like to go camping with you: no, because:

introduction:
Hi, lucy.
I heard **the** message from you that you want to go on a camping holiday during the summer vocation. I
support you especially you have never done this before.

- 不要用the
- 

// you will enjoy this because:
// 1. have a good time, have fun, exciting, lots of entertainments
// 2. meet lots of young friends at the same age.
Going on a camping holiday you will definatly have a good time, because you like experience excitement
projects and the camping holiday contains lots of entertainments you haven't tried, like the great
tour all around the south country. Besides you will meet many young people at your age, since you saied
you feel lonely sometimes, it will be a great chance to make friends.

// possible disadvantages
// 1. lose some time
// 2. spend more than your budget.
But there are som possible disadvantages to concern. First, you may spend more money than you expected
because during the comping you have lots of things to buy, so you should remember to keep your budget.
Second, the outside world is more danger than the school, and you should keep alert to be not hurt.

// whether i would like to go camping with you: no, because.
I am sorry to tell you that I would not go camping with you, because I have done this last year and I have
already made an appointment with my families to spend time in my hometown.

I hope you will have a good time on your camping holiday.

raise your mind: 提高心智





========== 修改后

introduction:
Hi, lucy.
I heard the message from you that you want to go on a camping holiday during the summer vocation. I support you especially you have never done this before.

Going on a camping holiday you will definatly have a good time, because you like experience excitement projects and the camping holiday contains lots of entertainments you haven't tried, like the great tour all around the south country. Besides you will meet many young people at your age, since you saied you feel lonely sometimes, it will be a great chance to make friends.

But there are som possible disadvantages to concern. First, you may spend more money than you expected
because during the comping you have lots of things to buy, so you should remember to keep your budget.
Second, the outside world is more danger than the school, and you should keep alert to be not hurt.

I am sorry to tell you that I would not go camping with you, because I have done this last year and I have already made an appointment with my families to spend time in my hometown.

I hope you will have a good time on your camping holiday.










































