**初遍**

I read on this news that you are looking for a Chinese teacher for your children, and the course will last for a year. I want to apply for this job.

I have been teaching Chinese for about 2 years since I graduated, and I received more than 20 students and quite a lot of experience. I am also a good native speaker and can easily handle Mandarin and dialects.

Since you mentioned that your children are only 5 years old, I can help them learn how to appreciate Chinese poems, because most Chinese read poems from an early age.

I am an international student in your country, and I earn some living expenses by teaching children outside of my studies. My schedule is flexible on weekends and vacations, which is friendly for your children.

Hope to hear from you. 



范文





My name is Anita Gilbert, and I am from Poland. I am **writing this letter in response to** an advertisement, published recently in a popular newspaper, in which you have sought for a Polish language tutor **in order to** teach your children the language.

I think that I would be a very suitable candidate for this job, mainly because I have a Bachelor degree in Polish literature. I also have taught Polish to children of 8-12 years of age for almost 3 years which has allowed me to learn a great deal about the behaviour of children and what motivates them to learn. Besides, I can also be a very friendly person with enough patience to deal with the children of any age.

Apart from helping your children learn the Polish language, I could also be of assistance in looking after your home and children when you are away. By the way, I want to have this job as it will help me a great deal when doing my Masters degree in Australian and Aboriginal studies next year.

I hope you will consider my skills and enthusiasm to let me teach your children the Polish language.



**优秀短语:**

I am **writing this letter in response to** your advertisement

**in order to**

which has allowed me to

help me a great deal when

ignorant

连接词:

**Besides,**

