```txt
A museum near your home is looking for people to do part-time voluntary/unpaid work. You would like to do some voluntary/unpaid work at the museum.

Write a letter to the museum director to apply for the voluntary/unpaid work.

In your letter

• explain why you want to do voluntary/unpaid work at the museum
• describe some skills and qualities you have that would be useful
• give details of when you would be available for work 
```



I got the news that Your museum wants someone to do some voluntary  work, and I am writing to apply for this job.

why you want to
 (艺术品)
 (吸引人的机会, 机不可失) Attractive opportunity not to be missed

**Since I was young, I am a museum fan,**

Since I was little, I have been a museum fan hoping to learn more about how a museum work and display. Your Art museum is next to my block, so I think it is such a change to explore my dream.

My skills, qualities: useful
(耐心, )

Firstly, I prepared a **solid** knowledge about artworks and  **was** despreate to show it to the audience. Secondly, I had been working for a library for 2 years during my colleage time, so I am very patient and  careful to voluntary job.

**so I am highly patient and careful about voluntary jobs.**

available for work:
My home locate next your block, // **is located next to ** 



 so I can save a lot of time on transport and provide a flexiable schedule. Every weekends is ok, and every monday evening from 4:00 pm  to 7:00 pm.

Looking forward to hearing from you.

============= 修改:

I got the news that your museum wants someone to do some voluntary work, and I am writing to apply for this job.

Since I was little, I have been a museum fan, hoping to learn more about how a museum works and displays. Your Art museum is next to my block, so I think it is such a chance to explore my dream.


Firstly, I prepared a solid knowledge of artworks and was desperate to show it to the audience. Secondly, I worked for a library for 2 years during my college time, so I am extremely patient and careful about voluntary jobs.

My home is located next to your block, so I can save a lot of time on transport and provide a flexible schedule. Every weekend is ok, and every Monday evening from 4:00 pm to 7:00 pm.
Looking forward to hearing from you.



++++++++++++++++++

**错误:**

- 单复数
- Monday, 大写.

**单词**

solid knowledge: 扎实的知识.

非常: extremely, highly

passionate about

was inspired to do

without any delay

commence volunteering 着手

Dear Sir or Madam,

except on Sunday

**短句:** 

I’m eager to receive your feedback = I am looking forward to doing.

I am writing this letter **to apply for** / **in response to** 



+++++++++++++++++++++ 范文

- why 环节: 可以说下自己是什么job, 很合适. 

改写最后一段:

I **would like to commence work from the next week**, and I **will be available to work every day from 4:00 pm to 7:00 pm except on Sunday**. 





I am writing this letter in response to a recent vacancy announcement at your museum in which you have asked for people to do part-time voluntary or unpaid work. I would like to work for your museum as a volunteer, and I am hoping that you would give me the opportunity.

I am interested in availing this great opportunity because I think that it would allow me to learn some great skills to have a better career in the future. Besides, it would also help me understand many important parts of my country’s history which I would probably never know otherwise.

Regarding my skills, I have good computer skills, and I also know how to work well in a team environment with other people. Besides, I have taken an art history class in high school to help me understand and appreciate the value of artworks. On top of that, I also live close to your museum which would really make it easy for me to commute. So, if you choose to hire me for this voluntary position, I will work hard to add value to your team.

I am available to work every day from 3:00 pm to 8:00 pm except on Sunday, and if you decide to hire me, I can start right away.

I am hoping to hear a positive response from you.

Yours faithfully,















