You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

The parents of your Australian friend Chris have invited you to a surprise birthday party for him/her.

Write a letter to Chris's parents. In your letter

·say why you think Chris will enjoy the surprise party

·explain why you won't be able to attend the party

·give details of a plan to see Chris at a different time

Write atleast 150 words.

You do NOT need to write any addresses.

Begin your letter as follows：

Dear Mr and Mrs Collins，





I received your invitation for me to join your birthday party on November 21. I'm glad to receive this invitation and hoping you get a fantastic party.

I get the details of your plan for the party and I get the reason why you are so excited about this. The starting activity is a live show performanced by one of my favorite singer, Li Yang. I am a fan of his song for more than 10 years since I was a child. What's more, I love the dinner's cuisine, because I'm from China and I miss the Chinese local food.

But I'm sorry to say that I couldn't attend this wonderful party at that night for my own reasons. Firstly, I have been prepared for my English level test for more than one year and my examination will be hold on November 19, right before your birthday, so I couldn't return to the school from my hometown within 2 days. Secondly, I received an invitation from my grandparents too, because they want to spend a week's holiday with me after the exam.

I want to make an appointment with you at another party, which is Christmas Festival Party hold by our university. This is an annual party since the foundation of our school and I have already take apart in for two time. Every time we enjoy ourselves by participate in the numerous games designed by all students.

Hopping you have a nice party and I'm looking forward to receiving your message.  



**问题:**

one of my favorite **singers**

for 10 years, since xxx. 小从句.

have been doing 

hold -> held 被举办.

taken part in















