You have bought some clothing online and are not satisfied with your purchase.

Write a letter to the company that you bought the clothing from. In your email

·give details of the purchase

·describe the problem

·explain why you need a replacement urgently





 

Bought some clothing online -> quality is unsatisfied

write -> online shop -> 

- Details of the order: 
- problem
- Need replace urgently/immediately



Dear Sir or Madam, 

I am a customer of your DIY Shirt Taobao shop and made a order of T-shirts for my company's celebration. We have found some defects after we got the products, which can't be accepted, so I am writing this letter to complain.

Firstly, our order contains two hundreds T-shirts and the detail of size had been transfered to your email. One hundred T-shirts are blue and the other half are red. All of them should be printed our new designed logo and the icon picture had been confirmed with your manager.

Secondly, about the mistakes made on those T-shirts. Both the color and the design are not following our contract. The red is light red, which should be deep and the color should use the artificial color material, so it can remain permanently. What's more, some T-shirts' logo are not aligned with the edge correctly and the effect is terrible.

Lastly, we want to replace this order immediately, since our company's ceremony is going to open at next month, so the time is limited and we get lots of work todo. To be noticed, your should sent some samples before reproduct this order. 

I am looking forward to receive your response and thanks for your help.



**错误:**

hundreds of, xx hundred 要注意什么时候用复数

be printed with xxx

xxx has been 要注意had必须要有一个相对的过去式做照应.













