

Some poeple believe that university education should only be offered to those who can pay for their own courses and the gov should not be expected to fund higher education. 

To what extent do you agree?





introduce: 

It is a popular idea that students should pay for their own courses other than depending on the government to fund higher schools. I am not agree with this idea and beleive that government should support young man who has insuffeicient money but wants to imporve their knowledge by taking trains.

// points:

// 1. Gov has duty for public welfare. and most people wants that

// 2. since the society is unfair, not everyone has enough money to fully develop their talents.

On the one hand, government has the responsibility to develop everyone strength at most not just luck dogs, because that most people take their duties to the society so each of them should have the optunity to develop himself/herself. A critial facts is that not everyone born with enough money to educate themselves, and they have to take more actions to live for the society is not fair. If the government can help them to take a good education, not only they will get a more enjoyful life but also our society will be more equal.



// 1. The is not an unprofit deal for the society.  impore everyone's knowledge can benifit all peple, more creations.

// 2. Not that big price for the society. Most people just borrow from gov funds. and pay back.

On the other hand, it is not a huge price to make that comes true. Firstly most people just borrow money from government funds, and they will pay back with interests, so some most funds are not waste of money. Secondly, they will imporve the social wealthfare when they get a good education, because they can be more productive and more creative after graducated. A harmonious community is usually consists of people own good education. 



// conclusion

Since those reasons, I thing a good government should pay attention to help the poor students who can not afford university education and that will make our society better.







































